---
title: Files Structure
description: Your working directory will be at `src` folder and all your files should be in this folder.
---

##  Files Structure

```
.
└── Your awesome app/
    ├── .github/
    │   └── workflows/
    │       └── release.yml  <-- Automatic Release GitHub Workflow.
    ├── playground/
    │   ├── app.vue  <-- Your Awesome App Registration & Configuration Here.
    │   └── nuxt.config.ts  <-- Your Playground Nuxt Config & Modules.
    ├── scripts/
    │   ├── begin.cjs  <-- Your installation script.
    │   └── release.ts  <-- Script for Automatic Release.
    └── src <-- YOUR CODING IS HERE/
        ├── runtime/
        │   ├── components/
        │   │   └── Enab  <-- Your Application Name in the registration file (NAME SHOULD BE CHANGED)/
        │   │       ├── Main.vue  <-- Your app coding (NAME SHOULD NOT BE CHANGED)
        │   │       └── Icon.vue  <-- Your app icon (NAME SHOULD NOT BE CHANGED)
        │   ├── composables/
        │   │   └── useEnabApp.ts  <-- Follows App Name
        │   └── stores/
        │       └── useEnabStore.ts  <-- Follows App Name
        └── module.ts
```

## .github
This folder contains workflows for GitHub Actions. Including Automatic Release Workflow.

## playground
This folder contains all necessary files for your playground which is used to test/develop your app. It contains two necessary files:
1. `App.vue`{color="error"} file which is used to register your app and configure it.
2. `nuxt.config.ts`{color="error"} file which is used to configure your playground (Nuxt Configuration).

## scripts
This folder contains all necessary scripts for your app which it contains the following files:
1. The `begin.cjs`{color="error"} is used to start your fresh app and should be executed one time only.
1. The `release.ts`{color="error"} is used to release your app.

## src
This folder contains all necessary files for your app which it could contain the following files and folders:
1. `runtime/components/`{color="error"} folder contains all your components (includes your apps). Your app should be named using Pascal convention e.g. `Enab` or `Restaurant` and your app folder should contain the following components (SHOULD NOT CHANGE THEIR NAMES):
1. `Main.vue` Which is contain your application code.
2. `Icon.vue` Which is contain your application icon as SVG inside `template` tag. You can find icons from [`Icones`{color="info"}](https://icones.js.org){target="_blank"}.


:MiniCard{color="info" title="💡 We recommend your app sub components should be inside App folder then your apps. E.g. (App/YourSubComponentName.vue) and as the following example."}
```
.
└── Restaurant/
    ├── App.vue
    ├── App/
    │   ├── Menu.vue
    │   ├── Orders.vue
    │   └── CheckOut.vue
    └── Icon.vue
```

1. `runtime/composables/`{color="error"} folder contains all your composables. Your composables should be named using CamelCase convention e.g. `useEnabFunctions.ts`.
1. `runtime/stores/`{color="error"} folder contains all your stores. Your stores should be named using CamelCase convention e.g. `useEnabStore.ts`.
1. `runtime/plugin.ts`{color="error"} is used to define a plugin for your app. Once create a plugin you have to add it to `module.ts` file.
1. `module.ts`{color="error"} file contains runtime code. This file no need to be changed only for necessaries.